refs platform/#3267: Update modules for compatibility with aws-eks 1.25 (#54)
sparkfabrik/terraform-aws-eks-bootstrap: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [4.0.0] - 2024-12-5

[Compare with previous version](https://github.com/sparkfabrik/terraform-aws-eks-bootstrap/compare/3.0.0...4.0.0)

### Added

> - refs sparkfabrik-innovation-team/board#3267: Update modules for compatibility with aws-eks 1.25

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- refs platform/#3267: Update modules for compatibility with aws-eks 1.25
```

In the community project simply use a short ref.

Author: Done
